well it's exciting to be out in full
pads you know when you're in helmets you
feel like you're playing basketball and
you when you're just an uppers you still
feel like you're limited but today we
were able to pump it up a little bit and
certainly the enthusiasm is always
pretty high today was no different
really excited to be on the grass and
you know watch some physical football I
think the defense it was and of course
they had a lot of success today I really
like the way those guys are flying
around and playing with a lot of
confidence we've got a lot of experience
over there we've got some leadership and
I thought they had a great day and
they're playing with a lot of enthusiasm
a lot of confidence and they should be
and you know the real key to that'll be
consistency is being able to go back to
back practices and push through some
pain push through the heat you know the
different diversities we're going to see
in camp which will parallel many of the
same adversities we'll see through the
season but you know it's also a
challenge now for the offense to be able
to come back see you know some of the
good things we did today but we've got
an awful lot of work to do we've got a
lot of followers on the offensive side
of the football right now extremely too
many turnovers and that's unacceptable
here but you like to see the defense get
you know their share today and so it was
clearly a defensive day that excites me
but also a concern now that you know
we're not making the plays that we need
to out of veterans and newcomers on the
offensive side of the ball Oh intensity
I mean you can amp it up every day so I
mean got full pads on a daily I'm ready
to hit I feel all right about it we got
a lot of veterans on the 10 on the
defensive side so I mean I feel like
we're gonna be all right who's getting
young guys coached up and go get
everybody getting crispy out here so I
mean it's gonna be real good with you I
mean we all have good chemistry that's
one thing we can all talk and we can all
share different things on me it's one
thing that we have chemistry and I think
that really goes a long way with us like
we can just go out and with each other
and just have fun and got on the
football field we real competitive so I
think that's a real big thing for us
I'll tell you what the first day of full
pads is probably one of the finest day
you can expect when cutting in college
for the loan you go out there kids are
really excited they're real pumped up
and the energy was really high man we
got some really good players flying
around there's a lot of collisions today
and it's just fun to fun to watch those
kids get out there and play some
football we had a few interceptions you
know and kids made some good plays and
that's that's one of our priorities we
want to try to take the ball the way it
definitely makes a difference turnover
margin in the games usually ends up at
end of season personal the great
turnover margin is going to end up deep
in the playoffs I the intensity you're
going back to that again I think we're
playing really physical and playing
really fast the thing in coach conch
talked about this early as we got to be
consistent we got to continue to come
out here tomorrow and the next day but
with intensity just the knowledge we've
got a lot of older kids or the knowledge
of our scheme and then just understand
it and been able to play really fast is
what's what's fun to watch them run
around and they're having fun doing it
as well too well I think tackling is the
number one thing on defense we did a
good job tackling and running to the
ball I'd have to watch film but it
looked like we ran to the ball fairly
well today and make sure that we're in
really good shape but attacking as well
to us off you missed tackles we just got
to balance up and be in a better
position to make sure we make those
tackles that we need to make